I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Picnic!
It is a Iovely bright, sunny day.
Peppa and her family are
going for a picnic!
Daddy Pig is bringing the
picnic basket.
Picnic-blanket, bread, cheese,
tomatoes and lemonade.
ls there anything We've forgotten?
Mummy's strawberry cake!
I Was just teasing!
Mummy's home-made
strawberry cake is there, too.
ls everybody ready?
Ready!
Then let's go!
This looks like just the
spot for our picnic!
Hurray!
It's great to be outdoors!
We should run around a bit and get
some exercise!
I Want to eat, then
have a nap.
I certainly don't Want to run around.
Maybe Daddy should run around a bit.
His tummy is quite big.
My tummy is not big.
But later, I Will get some exercise,
even if no one else does.
Let's eat!
Good idea, Mummy Pig!
I'm really hungry!
Hmmm... delicious!
Ahhhhh! I feel quite sleepy!
I thought you Wanted to run
around a bit, Daddy Pig?
Later...
Look! There's a little duck pond!
Mummy, can We feed the ducks?
Yes, you can feed them the
rest of the bread.
Peppa and George love
feeding bread to ducks.
Mummy, I think
they Want some more.
That Was the last of the bread.
I'm sure they've had enough.
Sorry, Mrs. Duck,
We've no more bread.
The ducks Want more food.
So much for Daddy Pig and his exercise!
Eh? What?
You lot again!
Peppa told you;
there's no more bread!
Mummy, We do have
strawberry cake!
Well, if there's any cake left over,
you can give it to the ducks.
Everyone likes Mummy Pig's
home-made strawberry cake!
Eeek! A Wasp!
I hate Wasps! Shooooo!
What a fuss, Mummy Pig!
It's only a little Wasp!
Go away, Wasp!
Just stay still, Mummy Pig.
Then it Will fly away.
There! You see,
all you had to do is stay still!
Eh! Get away!
Scram! Whoa...
Help! Whooooaaa!
Shhooo! Get it off me!
Whoooa! Arrgh!
I hope the Wasp
doesn't sting Daddy.
Whooa! Get away, you little pest!
No, Daddy is running too fast
for the Wasp to catch him.
Whoooa! Arrgh! Shooo!
Let's eat our cake
before the Wasp comes back.
Oh, no! We forgot to leave
any for the ducks!
I think I lost it!
You said you Would run around
and get some exercise,
Daddy Pig! But I didn't
believe you'd do it!
Luckily, I managed to hang on
to my slice of strawberry cake!
Stop, Daddy!
We promised the rest of the cake
for the ducks!
Oh.
You are very lucky ducks.
Say ''thank you'' to Daddy Pig.
You're most Welcome.
It's time to go home.
Say goodbye to the ducks.
Bye bye, ducks.
See you next time!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.